The labs are going to take another form from here on out. They will be in the form of projects with which you can apply all the JavaScript knowledge you have gained so far. These could easily become portfolio projects for you. It is going to take a while to build them so take some time to prepare yourself! Sometimes real learning can only take place once you have put things into practice.

Look back on your notes and this course for reminders. You will also have to look beyond this course because you will surely run into things that have not been covered here. You _could_ limit yourself to _only_ things covered in this course, which is not a bad idea as a first step. Though if you want to bring some style into it, you will definitely have to leave the confines of this course and dive into documentation and articles. You may even find it more efficient to go straight to the documentation instead of searching for it in this course, after all, this was not designed as a reference or cheat sheet, but as a guided introduction to JavaScript.

Remember that you will most likely feel overwhelmed at some point during these projects. Take a short break if need be. Look back at the online communities lesson and remember what rubber duck debugging is. A great way to progress through your projects is to post journal type entries in the forum. If you get stuck, while trying to get yourself unstuck, take notes and you will definitely progress towards a solution. If you feel you are not coming close to resolving it, use your notes to post in the forum. This will make it much easier to help you and you will improve much faster this way. Share your progress and celebrate the small victories!

It is important not to underestimate the benefits of planning out your projects, sketching out your ideas and structuring your approach. It will save you a lot of time and keep you focussed on what is important. It will also minimize the amount of time spent on dead-ends or lost in rabbit-holes. You will surely run into them, the trick is to be able to recognize when you are in one, and how to get out.

Finally, remember that this is somewhat of a creative process. There are many ways you could go about making these projects. You will find some hints and guides but choose the way that makes most sense to you. At the early stages of development, the best thing you can do is to pick the wrong way to do something and take it to its furthest possible outcome, though painful, there is no better way to learn!

If your ready, move on!
