Now you will be making a project that should bring together almost all of what you have learnt so far.

The plan is to make a single page application that will:

- Tell you where you are based on your IP address, displaying your country and city.
- Find out the weather at that location and display it.
- Find out something else about that location with an API and display it.

Publish it on GitHub Pages when you have your structure and a couple of API calls made, and then iterate on it to build it out further.

Use try catch blocks or at least handle errors in some way. There are many requests happening here so it is inevitable that at some point, you will run into an error, ensure that the output doesn't completely break if one of the requests fails.

Part of this project is to research and use publically available APIs. Since API's are always changing, with many coming and going, go to https://rapidapi.com/ and make an account. This is a site that provides a gateway to thousands of APIs and will make the process of research and getting API keys much more efficient.

Once you are set up with an account, choose some APIs to use. When you go to an API page, take a look at the "pricing" tab. If it has a "Basic" plan at $0.00 cost, then you are good to go! Just take a look at the limits that you have (i.e. 1 request per second, or 50 requests per day).

There are APIs that provide an IP geolocation service and others that provide information and statistics on locations. If you can't find an IP geolocation (in the Rapid API search, type "ip location"), you can also ask the user of the site to input location data and then make the requests based on that.