Now is the time to really get stuck in. Up till now, its mostly been a one-way flow of information. You read stuff here and it goes into your brain. While in may be in your brain, it has not had the chance to really connect with your fingers in a meaningful way. It is important that you start to understand the struggle of creating something that you don't know how to create. To implement something you don't understand. This is what makes people developers, how to deal with that state of being.

In this chapter you have two projects that can easily become portfolio projects for you. It depends how good you want to make them and how much time you can invest in them. It is going days and days so take a while so prepare yourself to get stuck in to this section! Leave your learning hat at the door and put on your doing hat. You may want to start this section with a fresh mind, so feel free to take the day off and come back tomorrow rested and ready for battle.

You will have to look back on your notes and this course for reminders. You will also have to look beyond this course because you will surely run into things that have not been covered here. You _could_ limit yourself to _only_ things covered in this course, which is not a bad idea as a first step. Though if you want to bring some style into in, you will definitely have to leave the confines of this course and dive into documentation and articles. You may even find it more efficient to go straight to the documentation instead of searching for it in this course, after all, it was not designed as a reference or cheat sheet.

Remember that you will most likely feel overwhelmed at some point during these projects. Take a short break if need be. Look back at the online communities lesson and remember what rubber duck debugging is. A great way to progress through your projects is to post journal type entries in the forum. If you get stuck, while trying to get yourself unstuck, take notes, and if you can't resolve it, use your notes to post in the forum. This will make it much easier to help you and you will improve much faster this way. Share your progress and celebrate the small victories!

Finally remember that this is somewhat of a creative process. There are many ways you could go about making these projects. You will find some hints and guides but choose the way that makes most sense to you. At the early stages of development, the best thing you can do is to pick the wrong way to do something and take it to its furthers possible outcome, though painful, there is no better way to learn!

If your ready, move on to your first project.
