Now its time for you to decide what to do for your Capstone project. What do you want to do? Hopefully you have been throwing ideas around and thinking about what you could make. If you are still out of ideas, take some time to brainstorm.

Get out a sheet of paper and a pen and just throw down any ideas that come to your head, or just doodle. Really, any idea or thought, get it on the page. At the moment it doesn't matter if its related to your project or JavaScript, or even coding. Once you have a few things written, get out another sheet of paper and copy any ideas from the first page that could conceivably be wrangled into a project. Do this again and again until you have 3 ideas that you think could become a project for you.

If you are still out of ideas, you could take one of the projects that you have already been building and take it to the next level. Tic-tac-toe is usually a 3x3 game, what might it look like as a 4x4 game? Or maybe you want to build a clone of connect-4. You could build out the converter page to include a calculator. You could make a game to practice your times-tables!

With all these ideas floating around you may start to get carried away with yourself, great! Those are the kind of juices you want to get going. Just make sure you keep at least one foot on the ground. Don't bite off more than you can chew. If you have followed the recommended steps for the projects you have done so far, then you'll know a thing or two about how to structure your approach. Take this a step further, and plan out each stage of your project. With this in mind, give yourself a hard limit of focussing on making this a _single-page_ application.

Keep it iterative. If you were going to build a calculator for example, the first step would be to get two input boxes on the page that take in numbers and output the sum, nothing else. Get it on GitHub and publish it. Then go back to the drawing board and think of the next features you want to implement, and do it. This is the way engineering works! Prototype, hypothesize, iterate, fail, learn, build, delete, copy, paste, modify, create, repeat, repeat, repeat.

## Ideas for extending previous projects

### Extending the converter

- What other conversion tasks are there? Hours, Minutes and seconds to milliseconds? How can you integrate them into your site.
- You could make a calculator to live on the same page. This can be a project in and of itself though. You could first create a new project for the calculator, and then integrate it into the conversion site after its working well.
- You could design a game to practice times tables for instance. This can also be a project in and of itself. You could design it to have rounds of increasing difficulty, and keep track of the time it takes to answer, only allowing one to pass on to the next round if they accomplish it under a certain time!

### Extending tic-tac-toe

- You could create a score board that keeps count of wins, losses and draws, which has its own reset button. A scoreboard like this will only keep its data as long as the browser page is not refreshed.
- You could customize the board to create a 4x4 tic tac toe - this may require some serious refactoring! You may want to clone your project to do this too, so you still have a working version of your simple tic-tac-toe.
- You could use the basics of tic-tac-toe to create a version of connect 4.